vrniWrlds is a maximally onchain open-ended world-building and strategy game, centred around owned components. vrniWrlds is compromised of two major building blocks, the vrni land NFT ("vrni"), and the DLNY token ("DLNY").

### Note that vrniWrlds is purely experimental, unaudited and not intended to be an investment or speculative instrument of any kind. The developers of this project will not be liable for any loss which results from the use of this project. By using these contracts, front ends or any other vrniWrlds related products, users accept that they are aware of these risks and assume responsibility for any loss that may result. The developers of this project have no intention to conduct any marketing, seek entry for any token related to this project into an exchange, and will not provide guidance to further development of this project, nor issue a "roadmap". All code produced as part of this project is released under an open-source license, and provided on an as-is basis. ###

The name vrni comes from the Voronoi Diagram or Voronoi Tessellation, a mathematical concept used to partition a plane into regions closest to a centre. It is named after Ukranian mathematian Georgy Voronoy. In a Voronoi Diagram, regions or "cells" are the areas closest to the originating point. A simple real world example is the areas around a post office attributed to a postal worker, with each individual post office looking to minimise the distance covered and thus splitting their regional coverage amongst all post office in a given district. Voronoi Diagrams are used in a variety of other scientific and engineering applications.

Interestingly, from an NFT and land game perspective, Voronoi cells are not squares on a grid, but somewhat random polygons. This allows for much greater differentiation amongst cells within a map, which can be differentiated not only by their game features, such as geographical features, location relative to others on a map, or in game resource and population, but also by size and shape. These non standard polygons, also allow for much more feature rich maps, whilst minimalising the computing resouce needs. In short, by using a Voronoi Diagram, you can have a complex map, that can be completely built onchain.

Within the mathematics aspect of Voronoi Diagrams, the dual, is known as the Delaunay triangulation. It is used to calculate and construct a Voronoi Diagram. The Delaunay triangulation is named for Russian mathematian Boris Delaunay, who developed his Doctoral Thesis based on Voronoy's work.

Considering its complementary nature, DLNY is an ERC20 based token that allows the holder of a vrni NFT to change and modify aspects related to its underlying onchain metadata. DLNY tokens are released in two ways, through a novel concept we will call "function mining", and later through a staking process that releases DLNY tokens based on attributes of the vrni NFTs themselves in a way that is coherent within the gameplay.